---
blueprint: misc
title: "Guidelines"
description:
  "These Guidelines describe the rules and expectations for using MinionAH's services and discord
  server."
isPublic: true
type: "Guidelines"
pubDate: "May 11, 2025"
---

## Table of Contents

## Discord Server Guidelines

### 1. Incivility

No personal attacks, accusations, harassment, sexism, racism, transphobia, or general malicious
behavior. This includes, but is not limited to comments that we deem to be of this nature.

### 2. Inappropriate and Adult Content

Sending GIFs, Images, or any other form of media (including links) that include NSFW content will
result in you having broken this rule. This includes server invites to NSFW servers and links to
adult websites.

To further combat NSFW spam, we have enabled discord's NSFW content filter.

### 3. Illegal Software

Do not link or discuss illegal software such as but not limited to: trojans, viruses, piracy, RATs,
illegal mods, IP grabbers, scams, and more will result in you breaching this rule. This includes
crash or logging media.

### 4. Advertising

Sending post-like messages of advertisements, invites to Discord servers with unreasonable context,
and more will put you in violation of this rule.

### 5. Message Contents

In order to provide a safe environment, we have filters in place to delete mentions of slurs and
other stuff. Intentionally bypassing these filters will result in a warn or ban.

#### Spamming

Spamming creates disruption for all users in the chat. Spamming is when you repeatedly send the same
or similar types of messages in a row in the same or several channels at the same time. This does
not include code blocks or large paragraphs (unless itâ€™s clearly nonsense).

#### Pinging

Please be mindful of role pings before doing so. Do not ping the Mods, Admins, or Owners unless they
are needed.

Additionally, do not spam ping or spam DM any server member.

#### Reporting Users

Messages that you believe are against these rules can be reported at any time by right-clicking the
message, then selecting Apps > Report message. Fake reports will result in punishment.

### 6. Impersonation

Do not impersonate an important figure in the Hypixel or Minecraft community. This will likely
result in a ban.

### 7. Entitlement

You are not entitled to anything. If you think otherwise, please leave the server.

### 8. Politics

Politics of any kind are not allowed in the server. If you want to discuss it, move to DMs or
another server.

This includes but is not limited to: sexism, racism, anti-semitism, Islamaphobia, homophobia,
etc..., and of course politics in general.

#### Discrimination and Prejudice

MinionAH is in no way in support of racist ideals, discrimination, or other methods of targeting a
specific ethnic or religious group or community. This includes prejudice, segregation, racial
ideologies, etc. This also covers words that are often used in the context to target a specific
group or community.

Additionally, MinionAH is welcome and supportive to anyone, regardless of their race, sexuality,
religion, or any other unique characteristics. Inclusion and acceptance go hand in hand with a
zero-tolerance policy for any form of discrimination or bigotry. Therefore, as said previously, any
homophobia, racism, sexism, or any other forms of discrimination will not be tolerated.

### 9. ETA

Nobody knows when anything will be released. Don't ask for an ETA.

### 10. Drama

Nobody likes drama. If you are causing it or a part of it, you will be muted for 1 day. Repeat
offenders will be banned.

### 11. Discord ToS and Guidelines

MinionAH follows [Discord's Terms of Service](https://discord.com/terms) and
[Guidelines](https://discord.com/guidelines) and so must you.

### 12. Hypixel ToS and Guidelines

MinionAH follows [Hypixel's Terms of Service](https://hypixel.net/terms) and
[Guidelines](https://hypixel.net/rules) and so must you.

### Logging

Our bot is logging all messages and some other things.

### Additional Info

Moderators and Administrators have the right to perform actions at their own discretion even if it's
not listed above.

#### Appeals

If you think you were unfairly punished, submit an appeal at
[appeals.wickbot.com](https://appeals.wickbot.com/). If for some reason you can't appeal, contact an
Administrator that is NOT responsible for your punishment.

If you have an issue with anything at all and you couldn't resolve it with the staff members, feel
free to contact an Administrator.
