---
blueprint: misc
title: "Privacy Policy"
description:
  "This Privacy Policy describes how MinionAH collects, uses, stores, and discloses personal
  information in compliance with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)."
isPublic: true
type: "Policy"
pubDate: "November 14, 2023"
lastUpdated: "Feb 19, 2025"
---

Please read this policy carefully to understand how we use and handle your personal information.

By using our services or providing us with your personal information, you consent to the practices
described in this policy.

## Table of Contents

## Controller of Personal Data

MinionAH is the entity in charge of processing and managing your data.

## Types of Personal Information Collected

We may use and process the following types of personal information:

- Minecraft Information:
  - ID
  - Username
  - Skin
  - Cape (if applicable)
- Additional Information:
  - Date and time of your login
- IP address
- User-agent
- Cookies

In addition to the above, we use Posthog and Sentry, these are privacy-friendly and do not collect
any personal information, they are fully anonymous.

We aim to use the minimum amount of data possible to provide our services. We believe that user
privacy should be kept at the core of our products. **We simply do not want or care about your
data.**

## Usage Methods

We use personal information through the usage of our website.

## Purposes of Processing

We process your personal information for the following purposes:

- Minecraft:

  If you choose to sign up with Minecraft (via [mc-auth](https://mc-auth.com)), we will use the
  information [mentioned above](#types-of-personal-information-collected) to authenticate you and
  provide you with our services. Your Minecraft ID is used to identify you.

- IP address:

  We use your IP address purely for rate-limiting purposes. We do not store your IP address in our
  database.

- User-agent:

  We use your user-agent purely for rate-limiting purposes. We do not store your user-agent in our
  database.

- Cookies:

  We use cookies for authentication and rate-limiting purposes.
  - We do store your authentication cookie data in our database.
  - We do not store your rate-limiting cookie data in our database.
  - We do not use cookies for any other purposes.

  These cookies are generated by us and not by any third parties.

- Posthog:

  We use Posthog and its features, as well as to collect anonymous usage data, which is
  privacy-friendly. You can [read Posthog's Privacy Policy here](https://posthog.com/privacy).

  We are using their EU region to host our data, which is located in the European Union (EU) or the
  European Economic Area (EEA) to comply with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).

  This data is not stored in our database; instead, it is stored in Posthog's database. We do not
  have access to this raw data.

- Sentry:

  We use Sentry to collect anonymous error data, which is privacy-friendly. You can
  [read Sentry's Privacy Policy here](https://sentry.io/privacy/).

  This data is not stored in our database; instead, it is stored in Sentry's database. We do not
  have access to this raw data.

## Third-Party Sharing

We do not share your personal information with any third parties and will aim to never do so. If,
for some reason, we ever do (a highly unlikely event), we will first notify you and ask for your
explicit consent.

## Security Measures

We try to implement security measures to protect your personal information from unauthorized access,
loss, misuse, alteration, or disclosure.

We also try to ensure that our servers, databases, and any third-party services we use have servers
and databases in the European Union (EU) or the European Economic Area (EEA) to comply with the
General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).

## User Rights

As an individual whose personal information we process, you have certain rights under the GDPR.
These include the right to access, rectify, erase, restrict processing, object to processing, and
data portability. To exercise these rights or if you have any questions or concerns regarding the
processing of your personal information, please contact us at
[contact@minionah.com](mailto:contact@minionah.com).

## Updates to this Privacy Policy

We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time to reflect changes in our practices or legal
requirements. We encourage you to review this Privacy Policy periodically to stay informed about how
we collect, use, and protect your personal information.

## Contact Information

If you have any questions, comments, or requests regarding this Privacy Policy or our privacy
practices, please contact us at [contact@minionah.com](mailto:contact@minionah.com).
