---
layout: ../layouts/PrivacyTos.astro
title: "Privacy Policy"
description: "This Privacy Policy describes how MinionAH collects, uses, stores, and discloses personal information in compliance with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)."
isPublic: true
type: "Policy"
pubDate: "November 14, 2023"
---

Please read this policy carefully to understand how we handle your personal information.  

By using our services or providing us with your personal information, you consent to the practices described in this policy.

## Table of Contents

## Data Controller

The data controller responsible for the processing of your personal information is MinionAH. You can contact us at [contact@minionah.com](mailto:contact@minionah.com).

## Types of Personal Information Collected

We may collect and process the following types of personal information:


- Discord:
    - ID
    - Username
    - Avatar (if any)
    - Banner (if any)
    - Accent Color (if any)
    - Locale
  - Additional data:
    - Date and time of your login
- IP address

In addition to the above, we use Vercel Analytics. 

We aim to use the minimum amount of data possible to provide our services. We believe that user privacy should be kept at the core of our products. **We simply do not want or care about your data.**

## Collection Methods

We collect personal information through the usage of our application (app).

## Purposes of Processing

We process your personal information for the following purposes:

- Discord:

    If you choose to log in with Discord, we will use the information mentioned above to authenticate you and provide you with our services. Your Discord ID is used to identify you.

- IP address:

    Whether you log in or not, we will collect your IP address purely for rate-limiting purposes. We do not store your IP address in our database.

- Vercel Analytics:

    We use Vercel Analytics to collect anonymous usage data which is privacy-friendly. You can [read Vercel Analytics' Privacy Policy here](https://vercel.com/docs/analytics/privacy-policy).

    This data is not stored in our database, instead, it is stored in Vercel's database. We do not have access to this raw data.

## Third-Party Sharing

We do not share your personal information with any third parties and will aim to never do so. If for some reason we ever do, we will first notify you and ask for your consent.

## Security Measures

We try to implement security measures to protect your personal information from unauthorized access, loss, misuse, alteration, or disclosure. 

## Cookies

We use cookies for authentication purposes. We do not use cookies for any other purposes. These cookies are also generated by us and not by any third parties.

## User Rights

As an individual whose personal information we process, you have certain rights under the GDPR. These include the right to access, rectify, erase, restrict processing, object to processing, and data portability. To exercise these rights or if you have any questions or concerns regarding the processing of your personal information, please contact us at [contact@minionah.com](mailto:contact@minionah.com).

## Updates to this Privacy Policy

We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time to reflect changes in our practices or legal requirements. We encourage you to review this Privacy Policy periodically to stay informed about how we collect, use, and protect your personal information.

## Contact Information

If you have any questions, comments, or requests regarding this Privacy Policy or our privacy practices, please contact us at [contact@minionah.com](mailto:contact@minionah.com).